[DOC] inital file RELEASE_NOTES.md: release notes workflow and documentation (#8)
CodeYourFuture/common-theme: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- [ ] Ensure all pull requests to be included in the release are labeled with the appropriate version category (Ex: `Semver-Major`, `Semver-Minor`, `Semver-Patch`)
- [ ] If a new label has been added ensure that the [release.yml](.github/release.yml) file has been updated
- [ ] Add a line to the release notes to credit the release manager
- [ ] Run a test build with the new release to ensure there are no major errors or bugs in the [common-theme](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme) repo
- [ ] Run a test build with the new release to ensure there are no major errors or bugs in the [curriculum](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/curriculum) repo
- [ ] Run a test build with the new release to ensure there are no major errors or bugs in other downstream consumers
- [ ] List out, as concretely as possible, any steps users have to take when they upgrade beyond just bumping the dependency
- [ ] Write pseudocode that highlights what code should change and how
- [ ] Call out if it is recommended that users upgrade because of known problems with older releases

> 

Author: Updated the manual release notes list

1. Go to `Choose a new tag`. Set the appropriate tag depending on whether it is a major / minor or micro/patch release.
1. Pick a branch or recent commit
1. `Release title`: Example: `Version 0.0.1`
1. `Release notes`: this section will be automatically populated after hitting `Publish release` and there will be an option to edit the release notes

## References
* GitHub [Automatically generated release notes](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/automatically-generated-release-notes)
* Semver: [Semantic Versioning Specifications](https://semver.org/)
* Semver [specs disagreement and discussion](https://gist.github.com/jashkenas/cbd2b088e20279ae2c8e)
* PyMC [Release Checklist](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc/blob/main/docs/source/contributing/release_checklist.md) 
* scikit-learn [Release Process](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/developers/maintainer.html#releasing) 
* Example of [Feature Freeze](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/developers/maintainer.html#reference-steps)

## Examples
Note: These are *examples*. Release notes and `yml` files will be updated for releases.

> - Note that repo label names should match exactly to its references in the `release.yml` file.

Reviewer: Say what "exactly" means here, e.g. case sensitivity or hyphens or whatnot.

Author: clarified wording

# Common Theme Release workflow

## Release Notes
- Frequency of releases
    - Major release: rare (Example: paradigm change)
    - Minor release: monthly (Example: breaking changes, documentation, fixes)

>     - Patch release: as and when (Example: small features)

Reviewer 2: This is not semver - I'm fine with that, and don't think it's a problem, but wanted to call this out specifically to make sure we're all on the same page there

- Dependencies
    - are ignored in release documentation
- New contributors
    - are automatically listed in the release notes
- New categories in the release notes
    - (1) can be created by adding a label to the repo
    - (2) update [release.yml](.github/release.yml) file with [labels](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/labels) in the appropriate category
- common-theme will follow the 2-cycle deprecation:
    - Version n: Introduce deprecation
    - Version n+1: Deprecation stays
    - Version n+2: Add breaking change removing deprecation
- Breaking changes

>     - means the user cannot build their site when the only change made is updating the common-theme version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - if the user cannot build their site when the only change made is updating the common-theme version
    - if the site will continue to build, but will start ignoring or mis-interpreting some input specified in the site
```

## Quick Links for [common-theme](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme) repo
- Release file specifications: [`release.yml`](.github/release.yml) 
- Example: [Release Notes](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/releases/tag/v0.0.1) (automatically generated by GitHub)
- Example: [Change log](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/commits/v0.0.1) (automatically generated by GitHub)
- common-theme [Labels](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/labels)
- common-theme [Releases](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/releases)
- common-theme [Release Tags](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/common-theme/tags)

## Pre-Release Checklist
- [ ] Ensure all pull requests to be included in the release are labeled
- [ ] If a new label has been added ensure that the [release.yml](.github/release.yml) file has been updated
- [ ] Add a line to the release notes to credit the release manager

> - [ ] Run a test build with the new release to ensure no major errors or bugs

Author: Adding to checklist to check any other downstream consumers.

> - [ ] List out, as concretely as possible, any steps users have to take when they upgrade beyond just dumping the dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] List out, as concretely as possible, any steps users have to take when they upgrade beyond just bumping the dependency.
```

- [ ] Write pseudocode that highlights what code should change and how.
- [ ] Call out if it is recommended that users upgrade because of known problems with older releases.

> - [ ] DRAFT NOTES HERE: [steps for creating a branch with a group of commits](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/developers/maintainer.html#reference-steps)

Author: Moved link over to References section in case this project may want to do a "feature freeze"
